# Best-of-250
    How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
    In the Sprint Review and Retrospective that I made for my CSS-250 class, I managed to take user input, and implement their suggestions into the evolution of the program through the methodology of incorporating "user stories". These user stories then acted as a compass or guiding direction for the development of the program as it iterated through its SDLC, and referencing and reflecting upon these user stories helped the team understand the forward motion of the development as a whole.
    How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
    The class has taught me that developing programs is a much more intuitive and manageable task than I would've been lead to previously believe. Instead of looking at the development of a program and worrying about the loss of the initial vision as the development continues onward towards the final product, the process can instead be taken in bite-sized chunks, allowing for strong work flow and little worry about oversight of the initial vision. The agile processes I will most likely incorporate into my future development work will definitely include the iterative nature of Agile developement as a whole, but would otherwise include daily scrum meetings as well if I ever have the fortune of working on an Agile development team.
    What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
    To be a good team member in software development would mean to obey the standards everyone else is obeying, be open and willing to ask for other's help and extend yours whenever a team member is in need, and to ultimately keep communication and transparency high.
